mpd_host = "127.0.0.1"
mpd_port = "6600"
ncmpcpp_directory = ~/.config/ncmpcpp
mpd_music_dir = ~/Music
visualizer_data_source = "/tmp/mpd.fifo"
visualizer_output_name = "my_fifo"
visualizer_in_stereo = "no"
visualizer_type = "spectrum"
visualizer_look = "◆▋"
playlist_display_mode = classic
browser_display_mode = classic
user_interface = classic
volume_change_step = 5
header_visibility = yes
statusbar_visibility = yes
titles_visibility = yes
header_text_scrolling = yes
colors_enabled = yes
header_window_color = red
volume_color = blue
main_window_color = red
color1 = white
color2 = white
progressbar_color = blue
progressbar_elapsed_color = red

song_list_format = "{$2❱$5❱$2❱$5❱$2❱}{$5%f}$R{$2(%l)}"
